Brother-in-law, you are finally here
Come and save my brother-in-law
It's you woman
They caught my brother-in-law
Brother-in-law, you are finally here
Just these two women
He almost killed me just now.
Brother-in-law, it's useless
Even a woman is against me
If it weren't for your sister's face
I'm just sad
Do you know that the eldest sister of Red Star retired and smiled today?
The big sister of Red Star is all monstrous
Today's retreat is even more of a feast
No one knows the whole river city
So you have seen the big sister of Red Star
Sister Red Star is the hand of the red dust
Jiangcheng Supreme
I didn't get a sword
But his name
It's not something your brother should mention
Presumptuous, do you know who is in front of you?
I don't care who he is.
I only know
Dare to touch my brother-in-law
You must die today
Come on, you guys figure out how to die
Weren't you arrogant just now?
Ah, now my brother-in-law is here.
Try getting another hamburger.
I just moved you.
What can you do to me?